umbrella feature update (#6479)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/jakarta-ee10-diff.adoc

For Open Liberty applications that require the XML Binding APIs, you must now add the feature:xmlBinding-4.0[display=Jakarta XML Binding 4.0] (`xmlBinding-4.0`) Liberty feature to your `server.xml` file.

=== Admin REST Connector availability 

The feature:jakartaee-9.1[display=Jakarta EE Platform 9.1] (`jakartaee-9.1`) Liberty convenience feature includes the feature:restConnector-2.0[display=Admin Rest Connector 2.0 ] (`restConnector-2.0`) Liberty feature. The feature:jakartaee-10.0[display=Jakarta EE Platform 10.0] (`jakartaee-10.0`) Liberty convenience feature does not include this Liberty feature.

> If you use the `jakartaee-10.0` convenience feature and your application requires the Admin Rest Connector function, you must add the `restConnector-2.0` feature to your `server.xml` file.

Author: @jhanders34 - I've edited your suggestion slightly to meet ID sentence length guidelines. Let me know if this works

> Open Liberty applications that use the `jakartaee-10.0` convenience feature and require the Admin Rest Connector function must specify the `restConnector-2.0` feature in the `server.xml` file.

Reviewer: This is confusing.  Applications cannot specify features in the server.xml.  I modeled my original text off of the previous section.  I suggest:
```suggestion
If you are using the 'jakartaee-10.0' Liberty convenience feature and your Open Liberty application requires the Admin Rest Connector function, you must now add the `restConnector-2.0` Liberty feature to your `server.xml` file.
```
